docs(config): add new option `workerChunkLoading` for output (#3977)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/output.md

};
```

## `output.workerChunkLoading`

`string = 'require' | 'import-scripts' | 'async-node' | 'import' | 'universal'` `boolean: false` 

The new option `workerChunkLoading` controls the chunk loading of workers. 

> T> The default value of this option changes when `target` is different. For more details, see [`output.workerChunkLoading` default value](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/master/lib/config/defaults.js#L604) and [`target.js`](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/master/lib/config/target.js#L64).

Reviewer: We have faced numerous issues with linking to LOC on webpack master, code moves too quick. Suggest we note the searchable option in a specified file instead
```suggestion
T> The default value of this option is depending on the `target` setting. For more details, search for `"workerChunkLoading"` : [ in the webpack defaults](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/master/lib/config/defaults.js).
```

Author: Okay. I see.

Author: ```suggestion
T> The default value of this option is depending on the `target` setting. For more details, search for `"workerChunkLoading"`: [in the webpack defaults](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/master/lib/config/defaults.js).
```
